Add support for return_components to Reindl (#2775)
pvlib/pvlib-python: docs/sphinx/source/whatsnew/v0.15.3.rst

Enhancements
~~~~~~~~~~~~
* Add support for diffuse irradiance components to :py:func:`pvlib.irradiance.reindl`

>   when ``return_components=True``. (:issue:`2750`, :pull:`2775`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add support for returning the individual diffuse irradiance components
  from :py:func:`pvlib.irradiance.reindl` when ``return_components=True``.
  (:issue:`2750`, :pull:`2775`)
```

Enhancements
~~~~~~~~~~~~
* Add support for returning the individual diffuse irradiance components

>   from :py:func:`pvlib.irradiance.reindl` when ``return_components=True``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Add  ``return_components`` kwarg to :py:func:`pvlib.irradiance.reindl` to
  support returning the components of sky diffuse irradiance.
```

Diffuse irradiance includes ground reflections which isn't considered in the sky diffuse models.
